>> Steve Kinney: Closing thoughts,
recommendations, and future research.
[LAUGH] Hey, remember this tip, just
make sure your app is in production mode
whatever that means for your framework.
Cuz there's a lot of actual stuff
that happens in development mode that
makes your life easier.
That like there is no reason and I say
this cuz like I have accidentally shoot my
own app and
development [INAUDIBLE] before.
I've gone to visit a production going,
why is it orange?
I got to him like order of
web pack flagging is wrong.
Like I said to production
environment after I ran [INAUDIBLE].
So it was already [INAUDIBLE] knows
all the checks were stripped out and
then I set production mode right?
So definitely, it matters so
much, right,
that it's worth repeating one more time.
So yeah, doesn't react.
It takes up PropTypes,
takes all the helpful warnings,
doesn't do performance metrics.
It's just generally speaking.
And if you think you have a performance
problem as you're developing code.
Build it for production first, and
see if you still have a problem.
I have lost days of my life,
that I will never get back,
tracking down performance
problems that didn't exist.
They only existed in development.
You go and you look, and
they're not there, right?
That's why I'm repeating this one, because
don't be like that, keep those days.
[LAUGH] Don't go down.
I have the scar tissue here for you.
You don't have to do this.
I'm saying this enough times so
that 20 minutes into debugging you'll
be like, have I built for production?
Let me built for production and
see if that's a thing.
And if I can save one person
an hour at some point
I'm going to call this entire thing a win.
You see it's orange when
you're in production mode.
It's black when you are in
orange in development mode,
black in production mode.
Like with this help for
error message if you click on it.
Whatever your framework of choice is,
likely has a different tool like this
just make sure that you're using it.
Cool, so web performance is a giant topic,
like more than a one-day topic.
And there's a lot of things that
we didn't get to talk about today.
Server-side rendering is this idea that
your JavaScript takes time to parse.
It takes time to leg load.
What if you sent them a regular,
old HTML page and
then you got everything else loaded?
Now, depending on your application,
if it's the New York Times you can
send them the content no problem.
If it's Twitter, well you've got to
do some figuring out their timeline,
you need to do all of that server-side.
Different frameworks have
different level support for this.
Ember was one of the first, I believe,
Angular and React both have support for
it but Backbone, for instance, might not.
So it might be something you can use or
might not use.
Image performance, we joked that
taking out a megabyte of JPEGs is
not as good as taking out
a megabyte of JavaScript.
But also taking out
a megabyte of JPEGs is good.
So you can see Medium does
really interesting things.
Where they show you a blurred out
version that's really low res.
And then when you scroll to that
part then they load the image.
So you're not sending your images for like
six pages down the article immediately.
They wait until your scroll event gets
that image and then they load it.
There's a bunch of cool
stuff you can do there.
One of the biggest bottlenecks
on performance is web fonts.
Who doesn't love a good web font, right?
But they can be, you've seen the page
where you're seeing nothing?
Until the font loads, that's not great.
Chrome actually has some really
interesting tools, where it's basically,
you can actually have a setting where
you say, hey, this is the font I want.
But if it takes too long,
just use this other font, like Georgia,
or Helvetica, or whatever.
And then finally, I kinda mentioned this
before about progressive web applications.
I think it's definitely,
incredibly important and
interesting field that's
still emerging in Safari.
And then beta will now support
the service worker and so,
yeah having upset work offline
that can sync in the background.
And can show you a thing
immediately while I find more stuff
is incredibly powerful as well.
It was a two day topic in and
of itself, so
like, hard to also squeeze
in amongst everything else.
Thank you so much.